disco because amateurs there are those who have it
yesterday in the record there are those who do not have it
and instead among the professionals there
are the disc brakes
Maurizio tells us we are giving
clearly of racing bicycle
visiting the race to beautiful amateurs
because if they buy the bicycle in
one buys that sea ​​amateurs don't miss
like the money they buy what is worth
to the professionals because they pass it e
still they do n't pass and why
They pass guarantee mister you know
the few because we were heading if
should all agree
teams that is all the teams putting themselves
agree to provide death a
all the runners the bicycle with the
disc brakes there must be no one
ccleaner disco and those who do not have it for
Why motivation is because
they calculated that in case of
emergency a group with Tunisian hands
but me but with my hands a group of yes with
hands if they have to restrain everyone
the group must slow down to the same
speed ie if there is a cyclist who
falls there is a sudden braking of the
Normal brake takes six seconds a
then slow down the whole group
slows down in 6 seconds if instead of half
there is someone there is the disc brake does
four second slow down 3 second
work according to accidents still
they risk a step back from them
why then or with disc brakes o
all slow down in 4 seconds with trains
normal in seven points all group
how many brake not in the same way and you
maybe you find yourself in front of one
that they discuss it you put the six
points to slow it down three fronts
go on still Mauritian musicologist
morelli is watching with a cell phone
in the comments write it the e mauri dare
the last push
it will be because then thumb up why not
I said you maurice succeeds had at least
50 inches right you buy it
anbar mobile 400 euros and said that
he wants to spend then one comes out
beautiful stuff
if the motivation is well understood
secret the group must slow it down
same Romans we found to oust
polisucco very well and it's one thing
Interesting
and an interesting thing even when
go with the friend your ride was
tail brakes and suddenly opens us
then there is no disc display case on the disc
he comes at him that he does the maximum that
can then pure and your maximum of course
the brake disc faster then
all of them slow down in three seconds or
everyone must slow down in 6
seconds and a half does not grant towards
unequal braking otherwise on
accidents thanks
just at least 50 inches on expenses 400
euros and kids